Two intersecting lines and circle without contact

1. We draw the angle bisector of the assigned lines. We mark the center of the assigned circle in the axial symmmetry with the use of the angle bisector. We connect 
both points with a line.
2. We find the radius of the assigned circle and draw a circle with the same radius anywhere on one of the assigned lines.
3. We draw two lines which are parallel with the assigned line and also are tangents of this new circle.
4. We draw a circle defined by three points. The center of the assigned circle, the mirrored center of the assigned circle and an arbitrary point. We mark the point of 
intersection of one of the two tangents from step 3 and the line from step 1 which passes through the center of the assigned circle.
5. We draw two lines which pass through the point of intersection from the previous step and are tangents of the circle from the previous step. We mark the intersection 
points of these lines with the cricle.
6. We draw a circle defined by three points. One is the intersection point from step 4 and the two remaining are the intersections from the previous step.
7. We draw a circle with the center in the intersection point from step 4 and defined by one of the interstection points from step 5. We mark two intersection points 
of this cricle with the line from step 3.
8. We draw a line perpendicular to the assigned line and which passes through one of the intersection points from the previous step. To continue, we repeat this process but 
we use the second of the intersection points. We mark the intersection points of these lines with the assigned line and the angle bisector of the assigned lines.
9. We draw two circles defined by a center and a point. Centers are the points of intersections on the angle bisector from step 8 and points are the points of intersections 
on the assigned line from the previous step.


10. Now we will focus on the second of the two tangents from step 3. The process is the same. We find a point of intersection of the tangent and the line which passes 
through the center of the assigned circle and the mirrored center of the assigned circle.
11. We draw two tangents on the circle from step 4 which pass through the point of intersection from the previous step. We mark the points of intersection of these lines with 
the circle from step 4.
12. We draw a circle defined by three points. Two of these points are the points of intersection from the previous step and the last point is the point of intersection from 
step 10. Now we draw a circle with the center in the point of intersection from step 10 and defined by one of the points of intersection from step 11. We mark two points of
intersection of this circle with the line from step 3.
13. We draw a line perpendicular to the assigned line and which passes through one of the points of intersection from the previous step. We repeat thsi process but we use the
second of these two intersection points. We mark the points of intersection of these lines with the assigned line and the angle bisector of the assigned lines.
14. We draw two circles defined by a center and a point. The centers lie in the points of intersection on the angle bisector from the previous step and the points are the
points of intersection on the assigned line from the previous step.